Police found four weapons - a .50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
According to tradition, they founded Tenochtitlan ( "Place of the High Priest Tenoch" ) after much wandering when they saw on an island in Lake Texcoco the sign that their god Huitzilopochtli had indicated -- an eagle perched on a cactus, eating a serpent .
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases.
The Federal Aviation Administration's Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation (FAA/AST) has given license approval to Scaled Composites of Mojave, California, permitting the firm to expand flight testing of SpaceShipOne  -- a privately-financed rocket plane to carry passengers to suborbital altitude.
Ramadan told reporters at the opening ceremony of the Baghdad International Exposition, "No cooperation and no inspection or monitoring by the American Zionist espionage commission (the Special Commission for disarming Iraq's banned weapons - UNSCOM) before Iraq's demands are met."
After insulting the UN committee insinuating they were irrelavant, Bush no sooner had approval from Congress to use "force/war" if Hussein did not permit unfettered access for inspections - and the war ships were moved into place on the Gulf.
"I just hope I don't become so blissful I become boring." -- Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain, giving meaning to his "Teen Spirit" coda "a denial".
Camacho is a Mexican version of Japan's Morihiro Hosokawa -- a pragmatic tactician using a crisis and the attendant outcry for reform to further his political standing.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease.
The county Board of Supervisors accepted more than $700,000 in state grants Tuesday to extend a program that provides the controversial drug azidothymidine -- AZT -- to low-income residents with AIDS or AIDS-related illnesses.
Now it's Romania-Argentina at the Rose Bowl today -- and with a victory, it's on to the quarterfinals at Stanford, and a victory there and Romania will be back in Pasadena for the semifinals and World Cup final.
Practically every architect of international stature has vied for the bonanza of public and private projects -- including Renzo Piano, Peter Eisenman, Philip Johnson, Rafael Moneo, Helmut Jahn and Richard Rogers.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.
Comdex -- once among the world's largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.
Nevertheless, Salesforce.com's stock--which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "CRM"--got a Wall Street reception in line with that of other recent successful tech IPOs.
Political leaders pledged that construction of the so-called Freedom Tower -- which will rise 1,776 feet into the air and be the world's tallest building -- will be finished on schedule by the end of 2008.
Bogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
Although they were born on different planets, Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage's new son and Superman have something in common - both were named Kal-el.
Mexico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) - Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today, in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
Although they were born on different planets, Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage's new son and Superman have something in common - both were named Kal-el.
Nancy Vine, who sells tickets at the Big Sky drive-in, seven nights a week, is a daughter of Donald and Dorothy LeGros - part of the extended family that operates the drive-in.
Helena Brighton, an attorney for Eliza May who served as executive director of the Texas Funeral Services Commission -the state agency that regulates the funeral business- claimed that she was fired from her state job because she raised questions about SCI.
The evidence for the continuing accretion of gas by the Milky Way involves high-velocity clouds, or HVCs--mysterious clumps of hydrogen, moving rapidly through the outer regions of the galaxy.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) - Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, has made an unannounced visit to Iraq, according to the office of Iraqi transitional Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari.
Around 50 million years ago, in contrast, oxygen levels in the atmosphere measured 23 percent--2 percent higher than today.
Kabul - A roadside bomb that injured six U.S. soldiers in eastern Afghanistan, was followed by a blast near a Kabul police station, Monday, that hurt two police officers and a civilian.
Helena Brighton, an attorney for Eliza May who served as executive director of the Texas Funeral Services Commission -the state agency that regulates the funeral business- claimed that she was fired from her state job because she raised questions about SCI.
SCI, Houston's largest funeral services company, was headed by Robert Waltrip--a close associate of the Bush family.
Moscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Lima, Jan. 10, '90 - The national police reported that over 15,000 people have been arrested in Lima in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former Defense Minister Enrique Lopez Albujar Trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack, yesterday.
The murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week, were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
Moscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Mexico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) -Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
La Paz, 30 May 89 - La Paz Department Police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U.S. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group summoned specially to clarify this crime.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped on the 12th of January, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
According to an Israeli official, the murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
Bogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
Others argue that Mr. Sharon should have negotiated the Gaza pullout - both to obtain at least some written promises of better Palestinian behavior, and to provide Mr. Abbas with a prime prize to show his people that diplomacy, not violence, delivered Gaza.
According to an Israeli official, the murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
If legalization reduced current narcotics enforcement costs by one-third to one-fourth, it might save $6 - $9 billion per year.
Humans have won notable battles in the war against infection - and antibiotics are still powerful weapons - but nature has evolution on its side, and the war against bacterial diseases is by no means over.
IBM stole trade secrets to copy two of its programs -- File-AID, a file manager, and Abend-AID, a program that helps users locate the source of glitches.
In support of the Earth Island Institute rebuttal, Greenpeace founder Don White made the following - unfortunately prophetic - public statement on 8/18/93.
Renminbi - RMB (commonly used in China), is the basic unit of currency issued by the People's Bank of China.
These days are special for St Petersburg - on January 18, 1943 the siege of Leningrad was broken.
The scandal is one of several threatening to undermine President Cardoso's four-party government alliance, and could force out one of Brazil's top politicians - the newly appointed President of the Senate, Jader Barbalho.
The airline now flew under the name Sabena - Belgian World Airlines.
Moog built his first electronic instrument - a theremin - at the age of 14 and made the MiniMoog, 'the first compact, easy-to-use synthesiser', in 1970.
The job gains mean that President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
The job gains mean that  President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
Clonaid scientist, Brigitte Boisselier, said the first human clone - a girl nicknamed Eve - was born on Thursday to an American mother.
Basque separatist party Batasuna is widely regarded as the political wing of the Basque paramilitary group, ETA - a linkage it denies.
The University of California's board of Regents still needs to ratify the settlement - as does Citigroup's board of directors.
A new analysis - comparing published studies of homeopathic drugs to matched, randomly selected studies of medical drugs - suggests that these apparent homeopathic drug effects are merely placebo effects.
"We are ... deploying more people into Côte d'Ivoire -- police, military people and people to work directly with the office of the prime minister" Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria.
For the first time, an out break of an unusual illness-Ebola haemorrhagic fever occurred in Northern Uganda - Gulu district.
As parties adapt to these new conditions, new definitions - replete with new assumptions about their functions - are likely to shape the ongoing debate about their roles and functions in the 21st century.
Castro's successful visits to Harlem and the Bronx, his speech to the United Nations General Assembly, and the October 21 march of 3,000 against U.S. policy and subsequent picket lines at Cuba's UN mission in defense of the revolution - all these events dealt blows to the U.S. government's unceasing efforts to isolate and slander Cuba.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace.
LISBON, Jan. 22 (Xinhuanet) -- Anibal Cavaco Silva, a former prime minister, won Portugal's presidential election on Sunday.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.
Stony Brook, NY (1/10/02)- The discovery of paleolithic art in a cave in South Africa is causing researchers to consider an older and less Euro-centric view of the origins of what is considered 'modern behavior'.
The discovery of the body of a warrior - thought to have died in battle more than 2,000 years ago - could help archaeologists to pinpoint the site of an ancient holy site.
In four countries - Botswana, Lesotho, Swaziland and Zimbabwe - at least one in three of the population is HIV positive.
Eighteen Olympic and World Championship gold medals and 21 world records later, Lewis has become the richest man in the history of track and field -- a multi-millionaire.
For more than a generation, this fragile natural wonder has been held hostage by a web of special interests -- farmers, sportsmen and about 6 million South Florida residents in need of drinking water and flood control -- that is as complex as the ecosystem itself.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.
It would force countries in the region to choose between the United States and Japan -- or maybe between Japan and China .
It is an independence movement among the Tamil peoples of northern Sri Lanka -- the ancient land of Ceylon independent from Britain in 1948 and took the name Sri Lanka, a Sinhalese word, in 1972.
After leaving Time-Life, Shuker joined the Public Broadcast Laboratory, forerunner of PBS, and participated in two pioneering films -- 'The Chair,' about an attorney trying to save a condemned man, and 'Free At Last,' a 90-minute documentary about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. that by chance was being made when King was murdered in 1968.
Meanwhile, at a Pushkin-Goethe Festival held recently in Moscow to observe the poets' birthdays (this year is Goethe's 250th), Dmitri Prigov, a post-modernist poet and conceptual artist, took the first line from "Onegin" ("My uncle - high ideals inspire him") and set it to Buddhist and Muslim mantras and Russian Orthodox and Gregorian chants.
Aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose Labor Party won power 13 months ago and who is the current EU president, said the leaders acknowledged jointly - and without trying to blame each other - that the EU's Belgian-based bureaucracy is regarded as both remote and overbearing.
A condition called "social anxiety disorder" this week joined the long list of downers in life - including obesity, impotence, depression and phobia - that Americans once commonly saw as challenges of willpower and character but can now have treated by popping a pill.
He wished a simple funeral for himself: he would be buried in his village in a seventy-two dollar oak coffin, borne to his grave by his fellow villagers-a butcher's assistant, a cheesemaker, and a farmhand.
The Gurkhas come from mountainous Nepal and are extremely tenacious warriors-as foot soldiers they are the best only in close combat jungle/mountain combat and hand to hand type situation.
Vermeer, the 17th-Century Dutch artist who painted extraordinary portraits of women engaged in the ordinary -- writing a letter, making lace or putting on a necklace of pearls.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died.
The stupendous power of the Tevatron made possible the 1995 discovery of the top quark - the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
Within trillionths of a second after the Big Bang, they have reasoned, the primordial explosion - many billions of degrees hot - must have created a universe that contained equal quantities of matter and antimatter.
The National Park Trust identified 20 high-priority sites - including the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina and Virginia and Everglades National Park in Florida - as areas with private property that could be sold.
Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.
Art experts said on Monday, that there was an astounding haul from Boston's Gardner Museum -- possibly the biggest art theft in US history.
Or if your team has been in action, you can read the top headlines for your chosen sport by keying in 300 on your handset - just as you would on Ceefax.
The aim will be to determine if VW's project was copied from GM data - essential if industrial espionage is to be proved.
The deal marks the second foray into Lithuania by Philip Morris which in April beat British American Tobacco to acquire the Klaipeda Tobacco company for Dollars 40m - the biggest western investment in the Baltic states so far.
Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.
Trade between China and India is expected to touch $20 bn this year and Chinese investors are now rushing into India - lured by the country's growing wealth.
Management at Huawei also feels that issues over security are hampering its progress - largely stemming from allegations, in 2001, that it was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.
But Huawei says that expansion has not been easy - obtaining visas for its Chinese engineers to work on long-term projects in India being a particular challenge.
BEIRUT, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Dell Inc. plans to announce preliminary quarterly results after the market closes Tuesday, after last week delaying their release due to accounting complexities related to a regulatory probe.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Tuesday that a Massachusetts judge had granted its motion to decertify a class action lawsuit accusing the world's largest retailer of denying employees breaks.
PST Chittagong, Bangladesh-- Muhammad Yunus, Bangladesh's "Banker to the Poor" who provides loans to help millions of people fight poverty by starting businesses, has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
The trip was about doing what he hasn't done for what many troops feel has been too long - visiting the thousands of servicemen and women fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.
According to tradition, they founded Tenochtitlan ( "Place of the High Priest Tenoch" ) after much wandering when they saw on an island in Lake Texcoco the sign that their god Huitzilopochtli had indicated -- an eagle perched on a cactus, eating a serpent .
Coextensive with the metropolitan district of Jakarta Raya, it lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of Java.
Formerly ( until 1949 ) Batavia, Jakarta is largest city and capital of Indonesia.
In 1611 the king and his court finally moved from Krakow ( Cracow ) to Warsaw, making it the capital of the Polish state.
Jakarta lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of the island of Java.
Rozsa ( Rose ) Hill , the third hill near the river, lies north of Castle Hill.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.
The city's motto is, appropriately, "Contemnit procellas" ( "It defies the storms").
The Kota ( "Fort" ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia's financial capital.
This growth proved short-lived, for a Swedish invasion ( 1655-56 ) devastated the flourishing city of Warsaw.
To the south of Castle Hill rises the higher Gellert Hill ( 771 feet ), a steep limestone escarpment overlooking the Danube, which provides a panoramic view of the whole city.
The United Kingdom, Turkey, "Old" British commonwealth forces ( New Zealand, Aussies, Canadians, Gurkhas, India), Germany, Poland, Vietnam, some units from USA, Russia, France, China (but only some) Japan would be included but I'm uncomfortable about using the word respected for Japanese soldiers for obvious reasons.
Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's [FMLN] urban commandos have denied reports that they participated in an attack on vice president-elect Francisco Merino's home.
Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's [FMLN] urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect Francisco Merino's home.
FMLN reports to our people, and to the people of the world, that the massacre against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation [Fenastras] was carried out by Colonel Elena Fuente, as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st Infantry Brigade, in response to our military attack on the army staff.
"If the rain continues at the same magnitude and according to the forecast, then some of the rivers could reach flood stage either later [Tuesday] or Wednesday morning," said Allan Chapman, a hydrologist with the River Forecast Centre in Victoria.
Thirty years ago [1969], Neil Armstrong took humanity's first small step on the moon, declaring it "one giant leap for mankind" only to have the space program retreat to tinkering in low Earth orbit.
