It would force countries in the region to choose between the United States and Japan -- or maybe between Japan and China .
Helena Brighton, an attorney for Eliza May who served as executive director of the Texas Funeral Services Commission -the state agency that regulates the funeral business- claimed that she was fired from her state job because she raised questions about SCI.
Moscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped on the 12th of January, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Mexico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) -Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
Stony Brook, NY (1/10/02)- The discovery of paleolithic art in a cave in South Africa is causing researchers to consider an older and less Euro-centric view of the origins of what is considered 'modern behavior'.
He wished a simple funeral for himself: he would be buried in his village in a seventy-two dollar oak coffin, borne to his grave by his fellow villagers-a butcher's assistant, a cheesemaker, and a farmhand.
The Gurkhas come from mountainous Nepal and are extremely tenacious warriors-as foot soldiers they are the best only in close combat jungle/mountain combat and hand to hand type situation.
