Bogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
Mexico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) - Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today, in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) - Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, has made an unannounced visit to Iraq, according to the office of Iraqi transitional Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari.
Kabul - A roadside bomb that injured six U.S. soldiers in eastern Afghanistan, was followed by a blast near a Kabul police station, Monday, that hurt two police officers and a civilian.
Moscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Lima, Jan. 10, '90 - The national police reported that over 15,000 people have been arrested in Lima in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former Defense Minister Enrique Lopez Albujar Trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack, yesterday.
Moscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Mexico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) -Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
La Paz, 30 May 89 - La Paz Department Police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U.S. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group summoned specially to clarify this crime.
San Salvador, Jan. 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped on the 12th of January, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Bogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace.
LISBON, Jan. 22 (Xinhuanet) -- Anibal Cavaco Silva, a former prime minister, won Portugal's presidential election on Sunday.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.
Stony Brook, NY (1/10/02)- The discovery of paleolithic art in a cave in South Africa is causing researchers to consider an older and less Euro-centric view of the origins of what is considered 'modern behavior'.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died.
BEIRUT, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Dell Inc. plans to announce preliminary quarterly results after the market closes Tuesday, after last week delaying their release due to accounting complexities related to a regulatory probe.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Tuesday that a Massachusetts judge had granted its motion to decertify a class action lawsuit accusing the world's largest retailer of denying employees breaks.
PST Chittagong, Bangladesh-- Muhammad Yunus, Bangladesh's "Banker to the Poor" who provides loans to help millions of people fight poverty by starting businesses, has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
Police found four weapons - a .50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
According to tradition, they founded Tenochtitlan ( "Place of the High Priest Tenoch" ) after much wandering when they saw on an island in Lake Texcoco the sign that their god Huitzilopochtli had indicated -- an eagle perched on a cactus, eating a serpent .
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases.
The Federal Aviation Administration's Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation (FAA/AST) has given license approval to Scaled Composites of Mojave, California, permitting the firm to expand flight testing of SpaceShipOne  -- a privately-financed rocket plane to carry passengers to suborbital altitude.
Ramadan told reporters at the opening ceremony of the Baghdad International Exposition, "No cooperation and no inspection or monitoring by the American Zionist espionage commission (the Special Commission for disarming Iraq's banned weapons - UNSCOM) before Iraq's demands are met."
After insulting the UN committee insinuating they were irrelavant, Bush no sooner had approval from Congress to use "force/war" if Hussein did not permit unfettered access for inspections - and the war ships were moved into place on the Gulf.
"I just hope I don't become so blissful I become boring." -- Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain, giving meaning to his "Teen Spirit" coda "a denial".
Camacho is a Mexican version of Japan's Morihiro Hosokawa -- a pragmatic tactician using a crisis and the attendant outcry for reform to further his political standing.
